# Patient data: name, disease_severity, days_since_diagnosis
25
Cindy Silverman, 21, 273
Joey Lewis, 13, 366
Pete Ray, 10, 30
Jose Brunetto, 8, 226
Kenneth Salvo, 1, 228
Daniel Secrease, 1, 287
Anthony Villarreal, 20, 32
Kim Justice, 6, 288
Amy Vining, 5, 200
Steven Dover, 10, 325
Mikel Keenum, 17, 289
Holly Washington, 3, 126
Erin Gaughan, 10, 56
June Polhemus, 15, 186
Vincent Arnett, 2, 276
Alexander Dixon, 6, 180
Herbert Wiley, 15, 101
Shirley Dini, 8, 215
Kevin Throgmorton, 2, 242
Gayla Olson, 20, 288
Mildred Letlow, 6, 104
Linda Dean, 17, 242
Tommy Burton, 6, 206
Catherine Starnes, 10, 288
Ida Easterly, 5, 277
# Heap instructions (25)
# Enqueues: 0 Dequeues: 25
dequeue Joey Lewis
dequeue Steven Dover
dequeue Gayla Olson
dequeue Mikel Keenum
dequeue Catherine Starnes
dequeue Kim Justice
dequeue Daniel Secrease
dequeue Cindy Silverman
dequeue Ida Easterly
dequeue Vincent Arnett
dequeue Linda Dean
dequeue Kevin Throgmorton
dequeue Kenneth Salvo
dequeue Jose Brunetto
dequeue Shirley Dini
dequeue Tommy Burton
dequeue Amy Vining
dequeue June Polhemus
dequeue Alexander Dixon
dequeue Holly Washington
dequeue Mildred Letlow
dequeue Herbert Wiley
dequeue Erin Gaughan
dequeue Anthony Villarreal
dequeue Pete Ray
